what's up guys Jim US 281 represent Jim
what's the fitness all right purpose of
my video today is uh an unboxing by to
give her the head to the gym dobare
wrong it obviously was fedex and dropped
me off a nice little package I'm pretty
amped up about this one fuck nap haha
hopefully hopefully you know the
relationship that I got when these guys
starts to you know get get to turning
real real real good that way you know we
can build a post something right here
cuz I don't know what's in this box so
but I pop this open this is going to be
the first time I see it I don't know
what they sent me at all I was in
liaison running the rips from there and
we got something going on so you know
hopefully like I say the relationship
can continue to grow and then that way I
could try to incorporate you guys until
you know what I got going on is for us
without what our puffy up com try to get
some things going to wear that I can
help you guys as well so you know what
after that netbeans sentence is get into
the box because I just want to see
what's in it because I don't know you
know amped up and I know what I'm hoping
for but if it's not in hell would be
happy with whatever is there because
it's free so it is what it is but let's
get right to it alright so first of all
the harbor to seeing something today
that i might go so first things first
pretty good box I mean I'm happy with
what I see so far uh pull this out some
chocolate peanut butter syntha-6 you
know I've never had to talk to peanut
butter flavor i heard it was great so
I'm pretend by the reaction on my face
and I'm smiling I'm actually happy why
because I don't have any more protein I
just ran out about I want to say about a
week and a half almost two weeks ago and
I've been just eating my calories so I
come here from the gym and I have a post
workout meal and that's how I get my
calories vice
you know being able to take protein
shake so today when I come home from the
gym I'd be able to hit this ASAP so this
is a good look this is a good pick up
and it's free so you can't beat there
and i'm pretty sure in the store this
chocolate peanut butter cost a couple of
dollars go for me to get it free it is
what it is and i'm actually added
because syntha-6 is the protein that i
have been taking for the last couple of
months and i'm trying to stay awake
right now because i obviously it's a
little bit on a blend side so you know
it's good for you know just get out of
the gym as far as and as far as just
likely replace was so it's a good pick
up and then in here I see just some
basic stuff obviously you got the other
50 seeds but you got to hype you up calm
stickers pretty good and then last but
not least oh yeah last but not least a
medium size 5 pump you up calm t-shirt
nice cuz my other little vegan is tore
up to so yeah this is good pick up right
here as well so like I said just how
quick I'm happy I got the box it was
free can't beat it I got me a nice shirt
got me some nice protein and i'm bout to
get it in any way make sure you guys
like comment and subscribe machine like
the videos like the videos actually
helps children grow i'm pretty sure you
guys know that make sure you check out
the facebook page 2 as well if you don't
know is Jail monster fitness this gold
facebook search for it make sure you
subscribe anyway it's been gentle most
anyone it's time for me to go to the gym
that catching balls and flip side peace
you